So before we go any further,
I want to open the floor for
questions on this particular solution
before we get into services.
So Mark, wherever you went,
I open the floor to you.
>> They said with reactive forms,
you don't have to do much with this.
>> If you want to update for
instance a reactive form, all right?
So this is where I fundamentally I
think things get real heavy real quick.
Is that if I have a reactive form that,
I have to declare the form control.
And so, in your code, you have to go and
declare this, so there's new form control.
And then I need to go into my form, and
I need to basically wire
this up to every input.
And more importantly
when I wanna change it,
what I have to do is essentially
use set value or a patch.
And so that's where things get really,
really, really heavy.
Is that I'm basically having to manually
declare everything that just happens under
the hood with basically template forums.
For me I have historically found that
that's not really worth the effort.
So, this to me, this is exactly why
I do not use reactive forms anymore.
Is if you are going to do something
like this in reactive forms,
you're literally having to define
a form control in a form group for
your entire data model, versus just
binding the data model to the form itself.
And so that's where, I think that even,
well, I wanna update it.
Well, instead of just having it update so
for me over here.
And I'm not saying that there's
not a use for reactive forms.
But I think for most cases,
that people use them because
this is what Angular says to do.
But when it comes down to it,
if I want to update a value,
I start typing and it starts working.
It's automatically updated and
because it's not shared mutable state,
that I'm able to accomplish this
with really just Engie model.
Versus if I come back over to here,
for me to do the same exact thing,
I have to create an entire instance of
the form group or the form control.
And then essentially,
patch that value into the data model.
So, just for me,
that's just a ton of work, but
even here,
it's well you lose form builder.
Well, you were essentially having
to build something that you get for
free with template driven forms.
So that's where I do differ from I think
people that even to the point where they
just tell us in the dock
use reactive forms,
but we built 1000 of these.
And he realized that you're manually
defining something that you get for
free with template driven forms.
I have a really hard time justifying
that expenditure of effort.
So that's for me,
I don't think that what you get
with reactive forms is just
an extra layer of complexity.
And for most forms, it's not worth it.
So when creating an empty form model,
we can create a model builder.
Can you speak about that if it's
relevant and you would design that.
So then I'd be really
curious what you mean
by model builder because I'm
interested in those kinds of things.
But I don't want to assume that
you're talking about one thing and
it's something else.
So if you wanna elaborate on that,
I'd love to hear it.
Do custom validators work?
Absolutely.
What if we import an Angular
material component like a button and
you never use it in the app is it
going to affect the bundle size?
So, out of the gates by default it will.
So I know that Angular is working
on things like tree shaking.
And this idea for being able to go through
and determine are we using this or
not and then not bundle it,
that's a pretty complex problem.
Again, if you're importing
something whether or
not you use it,
it's going to be added into the bundle.
One of the problems is that,
especially now with dynamic,
being able to dynamically add code or
instantiate components.
Is that there may not be
an instantiation within a certain way
that it's looking for, but it's being
added dynamically down the road and
it may not be appropriately
bundled with that.
What I do recommend is that if
you're dealing with something
you're concerned about bundle size.
That trying to segment your
application into lazy loaded modules.
So the answer is, it will
absolutely affect your bundle size,
so be very judicious
about what you import.
Even to the point where within this,
if we look in the code within
my material module here,
that I'm using some of these,
but I think I have all of 15.
But if we were to go to,
here we go.
On the other hand in,
they're doing this in a stack Blitz.
So these are for demonstration purposes,
the similar modules.
So what they're doing is
they're basically importing
all of the modules, and
then making this available.
As you can see, that they have
a similar material module for
example purposes, but
every one of these are being imported and
is part of the package or
the payload that footprints.
So this is where you could, as you
start out, you could add everything in.
But then as you start to build or
get closer to production,
I would absolutely work
on parsing that out and
trying to slim that down as you
prepare a production build, okay?
So I think I understand in
what you're saying is that
you have essentially where you
have an instance of the model
coming from the server that
you're able to inject.
So if I understand correctly,
the one thing that I do do when
working with a full stack application.
So I have node, nest, and
Angular is that I will
abstract out my interfaces
into a standalone
library that then my node application and
my Angular application will
share those interface files.
And so,
that establishes essentially the model
contract from the back
end to the front end.
But what then what I'll also do
is once I have consensus on that,
then it's not very hard to then
generate even mock data structures
based on those model definitions and
make those available.
So I've done that in Nest.
There's actually a library that
does that just in memory for
you using Faker, but
I've also done that in Serverless.
Real quick, so there's a couple
a questions about custom validators and,
So you can absolutely
do custom validators.
Let me see if I find a,
So, if you go into the documentation, so
adding custom validators
to template driven forms.
If you wanna read more about that,
you can absolutely do that.
And then, And
I was hoping to talk about
this a little bit later.
So in terms of control value accessor,
Ahmed,
I'm still working to get that
into the workshop, we'll see.
But if not, I will absolutely
post that into the code for you.
So that's in my queue.
With that said, let's move on.